Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Let's see. Hmm.
Nutmeg. seeds…
Mom. do we have any cochineal beetles.
or alligator peppers. or fennel seeds?
You need those for homework?
Let's go. Let's go.
I'll be back.
Yes. I agree.
Imagination is very important.
Remind me about the frog.
It was dead whenever we found it.
but it didn't die in vain.
It will be an important ingredient
in a meaningful plan.
You are an important ingredient
No. not you.
You're just a grad student. Ugh!
Does this sound okay?
"Our uberous Principal."
That sounds wonderful. honey. Keep going.
"It is my honor to welcome to the stage…"
Or should it be "privilege"?
It's my privilege to welcome to the stage…
No.
-My prerogative?
Bean! Watch it!
Gotta go!
Bean!
Well. at least have some toast.
I can put some butter
and your favorite strawberry jam on it.
-Bean. don't forget your lunch.
-Oh. Um…
-Bean. Lunch.
-I'm dropping Nancy off on my way to work.
-I can take you too!
-Can't be late!
Leo. hurry up.
Hi. Ivy.
-Hey. Ivy. don't be late for school.
If you were homeschooled.
you'd be there by now.
Hello. Mrs. Trantz.
-Look away. Dottsy. Look away.
-Hi. Ivy!
-Hi. Bean!
We gotta go!
I've something to ask Ms. Aruba-Tate.
and she won't let us if we're late.
Bye. Ivy!
-Bean. you're still in your pajamas!
What's that sound. Dottsy?
Little girls!
-Two minutes till bell.
Bean!
Have a great day. you two.
And try to grow up.
-Nancy.
Why did you throw her pants at her?
-Couldn't you hand it to her?
-She's far away.
-Be nicer.
-That was me being nice.
Nice people don't throw pants.
-Quick! Follow me.
Don't wait. I'll catch up.
Are you sure you can go in there?
-Hmm…
Yep. It opens.
-Okay. fine.
Hmm…
Ivy…
Bean?
-Do you feel anything unusual?
My pajama bottoms
are kind of scrunching under these pants.
We can't be late. Ivy.
Especially not today because I have to ask
if we can sit together.
Hey. Vanessa.
I am a robot.
I have no use for vegetables.
Second bell. Take your seats. everyone.
Lots to do today.
You made it. Bean. Well done.
Because Ivy helped me. Ms. Aruba-Tate.
And Ivy. me-- I mean. uh… Uh. Ivy and I.
Excuse me. Bean. Dusit. head out
of the wastebasket. please.
Powering down.
Eric. please put those paper wads
in the wastebasket.
Okay. my intrepid learners.
-Paint brush.
-Pencils ready.
We have a fun class today.
Ivy and I--
We wondered
if we could sit together today.
Hmm.
I think you two would make a great team.
But if there's talking.
I'm gonna have to separate you.
I promise I'll be quiet.
-All right. We'll give it a try.
-Yes! Yay!
-Thank you!
-You're the best. Ms. Aruba-Tate!
Leo. please go sit next to Eric.
-Yes.
-Since when are they friends?
"You two would make a great team."
-Zip it. Dusit.
-Bean?
-Didn't you just make a promise?
And. Dusit.
we're settling down now. correct?
Did everyone remember
to bring their notebooks?
We've been talking
about prehistoric marine reptiles.
Who remembers the name of this guy?
It's a Bean-o-saur! Run for your life!
Dusit. that's twice.
You need some rug time.
and you may rejoin us in five minutes.
Elasmosaurus!
Yes. Good job. everyone.
And the Elasmosaurus is?
Extinct!
You look late.
Do you feel late?
-Detention.
Those bows are outlandish.
and they're overpowering your person.
You know my motto.
"Sacrifice for success."
Those are far too loud.
Dress code violation!
Noise code violation!
I'll see you after school.
Good morning. Ms. Aruba-Tate.
Good morning.
Good morning. class.
Good morning. Principal Noble!
We'll see about that.
Our middle school student council
president will be distributing flyers
for the upcoming curriculum night.
-It will be a night to remember.
-Hmm.
-We sincerely hope you all will attend.
Huh. As if.
As the new school year gets underway.
curriculum night is a nonpareil.
pedagogic opportunity
-to learn what our expectations are…
-Pedagogic.
…grade by grade. as well as
the means for assessing…
Help me!
…your progress.
-What are you doing?
-Checking to see
if there's any secret notes
from prisoners.
Mrs. Noble keeps all the bad kids
locked up in her closet.
These are x-ray.
-You two!
You're entirely too chatty.
Ivy. I need you to switch places
and go sit next to Paisley. please.
Bean. that's twice. honey.
-Five minutes on the Timeout Rug.
-Okay.
Thank you.
Come. Nancy.
Curriculum night waits for no one!
Busted.
All right.
Let's talk about dinosaurs.
One.
Two.
-Three.
-One.
-Two.
-Four.
-Three.
-Four. Five.
Four.
-Ivy. I did four.
-And I did five!
-What about you. Vanessa?
-I did six and a half.
I've never got in trouble
at school before.
-Dad says trouble's my middle name.
-11.
Look. 12!
-Yay. Zuzu!
-Twelve in a row. Record.
Ivy. how many can you do?
You have to do something.
You can't just sit there.
Want to see me do a cartwheel again?
No. it's Ivy's turn.
How about three cartwheels and a roundoff?
What the heck is that?
-I knew it. Forget cartwheels.
We've got an emergency situation.
Ivy. that's just a vent.
Not an emergency situation.
I'm talking about the white mist.
Don't you see it?
-I sort of see it.
No. nothing.
Come on. Emma. You'll be late.
-I think I saw something. Zuzu.
-No. you didn't.
This morning when we went in there.
I felt surrounded by cold mist.
I heard a voice.
and the hairs on my arm stood straight up.
-Something was not right. Bean.
And then. we heard
that incredible tapping noise.
Like. kids in Mrs. Noble's closet
signaling. "Help me. Help me."
No.
More like tick. tap. tick. tap. tick.
It's a ghost.
A ghost?
That bathroom is haunted.
Second bell?
Run. Ivy!
Paisley. pass this to Bean.
Psst.
Eric.
-Oh. Eric. honey.
Sorry. Miss.
Leo.
Excuse me. Ms. Aruba-Tate?
May I be excused to the bathroom?
Of course. Ten more minutes. everyone.
Let's see if we can finish our chapters.
May I be excused to the bathroom?
Absolutely.
As soon as Ivy's back.
I would wait. Only. I can't.
I have to go bad. Ms. Aruba-Tate.
Really bad! Really! Really!
Code red! DEFCON 12!
Whatever the highest one is!
What are we looking for?
A secret opening.
We need to find the portal
that the ghosts are using to get in.
Ghosts? You mean more than one?
These were made for finding secrets.
Here.
Ghost plasm.
-This is a ghost portal. Bean.
-Mmm.
I wonder what's down there.
We come in peace. ghosts.
Are you in there. ghosts?
We mean you no harm.
Terrible. But I suspected it.
We built a bathroom on their heads.
Are there a lot of them?
There could be.
It's possible there's an entire army
of them.
-Or just one. We don't really know.
-You! Get back…
Hide!
Stop right there!
Get to class.
Wakey-wakey.
my cheeky little darlings.
I knew it.
She has kids in there.
Did we all sleep well
and snug last night?
Hello. my lovelies.
Shoes must be the secret
to her power.
How I adore
the smell of leather.
feathers. and sparkling rhinestones.
The secret of my style is my shoes.
And the secret of my shoes
is that no one knows you're here
in this fortress
of a closet safe from fire and flood.
Our principal is weird.
Which one of you
is the lucky one?
Hmm?
Winner. winner. chicken… dinner.
Oh.
Mmm…
A little snug.
Mmm. Oh.
Snugger still.
Hello? Hello?
Listen up. everyone.
Ivy has some really important news.
Earlier today.
Bean and I made an important discovery.
The teacher's lavatory
contains a portal to the underworld.
Huh?
She means the bathroom is haunted.
I've heard of that. It happens.
The school was built
on top of an old graveyard.
A cemetery.
I don't believe you.
-Can we go see?
-You can. but it's an unstable situation.
and we cannot guarantee your safety.
Did you know that ghosts
have their guts on the outside?
And they eat brains raw.
That's a zombie. Not a ghost.
It smells in here.
Like… death.
Just because it smells like death.
does not mean it's haunted.
-Hmm.
Shh!
Behold. the portal.
Gateway to the spirit world.
Door to the unfathomable mysteries!
Huh?
"Unfapin"?
-"Uhfathable?
She means
this is how the ghosts are getting in.
-Ooh.
-That's just a rusty drain.
Are they mad?
They've been forced to wander.
unsettled. miserable.
seeking revenge on those who disturb them.
Are they here now?
I don't see any.
You don't want to see them.
Can we go now. Emma?
I've gone to this school for three years.
and I've never seen a ghost.
-There's no such thing.
-Sometimes it's easier to feel the ghosts.
It's like a cold wind
passing right through you.
-We've come to address your plight
and ask you. as friends.
to not seek revenge on us.
If you agree.
please knock just one short tap.
Well…
Never seen you all so ready
to learn double-digit subtraction.
You need to learn
how to do head count. Ms. Aruba-Tate.
-I found this hiding in a bush.
Thank you. Mrs. Noble.
We were just starting class.
Ah. Hm.
Hm.
Zuzu. what's the matter?
Bathroom.
-Okay. honey. What about the bathroom?
It's… It's… It's haunted.
-Zuzu. I can see that you're scared.
But I'll tell you what.
the bathroom is definitely not haunted.
It is!
We heard them.
We felt them.
There's a portal!
The ghost army is clanking!
There's an army?
It sounds like someone
just told you a very scary story.
Did someone tell you a scary story?
She did!
-Ivy?
-She said she saw a ghost in the bathroom.
and it's mad
'cause the school's on graves.
and they're gonna take revenge!
Ivy. did you really say those things?
Not exactly those words.
Having an imagination is good.
and. Ivy. you have a powerful one.
But we need to use our imaginations
responsibly and respectfully.
We don't want to scare anybody. Do we?
Yeah. Ivy. That was mean.
Can we all agree that
there'll be no more talk about ghosts?
Yes. Ms. Aruba-Tate.
Ivy. do you agree. honey?
No. The bathroom is haunted.
Ms. Aruba-Tate is so mad. She hates me.
No. she doesn't. She thinks you're smart.
Though maybe you should
have said the bathroom wasn't haunted.
Grown-ups like when you agree with them.
That's two times today
I got in trouble. Bean.
Two times.
I had to sit on the Timeout Rug.
I think it might be my fault.
You were supposed to rub off on me.
but I'm rubbing off on you.
I'm always in trouble.
If you don't want
to be my friend anymore. I understand.
Are you kidding. Bean?
Nothing's fun without you.
-Ha!
Zip it. Leo.
I'm kidding.
I'm glad you didn't get expelled.
We were never gonna get expelled.
That's it.
That's what we'll do.
Get expelled?
No. expel the ghosts.
Send them back to their graves.
Let's go. Bean. We need to make a plan.
An expelling plan.
Wait!
I wouldn't mind expelling a few ghosts.
If you need some help.
Okay. We'll tell you the plan tomorrow.
Maybe.
Don't tell anyone. okay?
Bye. Leo!
Maybe?
"I'm presenting our luminous…"
That means "shiny."
Okay. "loquacious principal."
Not only do I get to introduce Mrs. Noble.
she's asked me to read a closing poem.
-I'm on stage the whole time.
I'm gonna really need
to be on top of my adjectives.
Yes. adjectives are important.
Go forth. oh.
erudite scholars of scholastic school.
-This won't work.
What won't?
It sounded quite… seventh grade.
I don't look like a seventh-grader. Do I?
Because seventh-graders
have pierced ears. and I do not.
Honey. I just want a little bit of you
to not grow up so fast.
And I'm going with your earlobes for now.
Tell you what. honey.
I have some very nice clip-ons
you can borrow.
Hmm.
A truce move.
Fine. Mom. For now.
Now. being the next 48 hours.
After that. we are back at it.
The clip-ons are in my jewelry box.
Nutmeg.
Seeds.
Pinch of dead bugs.
What about that frog?
Saving that. It's in the fridge.
It does require St. John's wort.
St. John has warts?
Those can't be easy to get.
When I don't have stuff like that.
I just add extra baking soda.
We just pour the potion down the portal.
and ghost be gone!
Well. I feel kind of sorry for them.
I'd hate to be a ghost.
You'd have to sleep in your own grave.
But you get to be invisible
and scare people.
Woo!
You know what we should do?
Not just the potion.
but a whole ghost ceremony.
-Like a goodbye party.
-Yes!
Ghost loves ceremonies.
-Uh-huh.
-We could say the spell.
and do a song and dance around the portal.
Good idea. What else do we need?
The last ingredient is…
Uh-oh.
Hair of enemy cut at midnight.
Where are we gonna get that?
Hey. Bean-breath!
Mom says
to get your moronic tushie-tush home
in ten minutes and set the table or else!
Okay. "lights out" means
no going downstairs.
No endless drinks of water.
No cartwheels on the bed.
No making x-ray glasses
while talking to the rubber chicken.
Oh. and no questions about our existence.
You got it?
I'll be asleep in a nanosecond. Dad.
We learned about those in school.
I'll believe it when I see it.
Good night. Beanster.
-Calling Wonder Witch.
Calling Wonder Witch. Come in. Ivy.
Go to sleep. Bean.
I mean it.
Ivy here. 10-4.
What's your 20. Grizzly Girl?
Did you set your alarm
for Stay Up Late?
Three alarms.
No way will I sleep through them.
-Copy that?
-Affirmative.
Ten-four. Alpha-Charlie.
-Call me when you start.
- Will do. Over and out.
Hmm.
-How much hair should I cut?
A few hairs or a chunk of hair?
Hmm. Let's see.
-The spell book says. "A lock of hair."
-How much is a lock?
Um…
Maybe just a little so she doesn't know.
It's me!
Bean! Bean! What's happening. Bean?
It's me. Bean!
-What are you doing here?
-It's me!
-What is going on?
What on Earth are you doing. Bean?
Uh… Nothing! I'm not doing anything!
I'm. uh… I'm sleepwalking!
Call the police!
She… She's a creepy crawler!
She touched my head!
Bean. what are you doing?
It's midnight!
I'm getting absconded.
and my ears aren't even pierced!
Call the police! Call the police!
We are not calling the police.
Why is Bean wearing my bra?
Um… Mm…
You.
Out now!
-I can explain--
-Uh-uh! I don't wanna hear it.
Let's go. Into your room.
-I was trying to get a--
-And the bra?
-Calm down.
-I turned over. and she was there.
-She's wearing a mask and had scissors.
-I know.
-Please. try to go back to sleep.
-Please. okay?
And she… And how did she even get in?
I locked the door.
-Okay. Okay. Yes. yes.
-I will fix the lock. I will fix the lock.
I know what you're gonna say.
Yes. I'll fix her lock too.
Um…
She was wearing a balaclava!
-Oh. goodness.
Bean! Bean. are you there?
The eagle has landed.
The cat is in the bag.
The peanut butter has met the jelly.
What? Have you been captured?
I have the hair.
Whoa.
-Nutmeg. seeds.
So. okay. Good.
"Hair of enemy. Circle of friends anoint
the portal in the darkness of night."
Wait!
I didn't see this part here before.
It says that we have to deliver the potion
in darkness.
-I'll go turn the lights off.
-Of night!
In the darkness of night.
We can't get in here at night.
They lock it up
with a guard and everything.
Can't we just dump it in now
and see what happens?
Leo. this is like science.
We need to be precise or else
it could be an even bigger disaster.
We have to explore
other expelling options.
Do some research.
Research?
-Where are we gonna do that?
Is this about the ghosts?
Don't worry.
I promise I won't tell anyone.
-Can I join you?
-Mmm.
I want to help the ghost too.
Oh. hello. Bean.
And hello and hello.
-What are you up to?
-Research.
Oh.
-Are you all deep in research too?
-Mm-hmm.
I am. Ivy's rubbing off on me.
I mean in a good way.
Well. I think you're rubbing off
on her too. in a very good way.
Uh. one quick question. Ivy.
This flyer you brought home
says it's curriculum night tonight?
Is that something you wanna do?
Curriculum night?
Night.
Darkness. We're on again.
Yes. It's time to do some expelling.
Go ask your parents.
Get everything you need.
The book says
it has to be something meaningful.
Just make sure you're there.
Bye!
Leo. wait for me.
Well. okay then.
Great. Looks like we're going.
Seems to be surprisingly popular.
Where is Bean off to?
You can bet
she's up to something nefarious.
Or abominable. Or even…
Flagitious.
You're going to do great tonight. honey.
How about I hold on to this thesaurus?
-No.
-Let it go. sweetheart. Let it go.
You're gonna be great.
Come on.
-I brought a chocolate bar.
-Cool.
Eric? Dusit? What?
Emma told me everything. and she made me
promise I wouldn't tell anyone.
-Uh-huh.
-Except I told Dusit.
-But Leo already told him.
Mm. Did everyone bring
what they're supposed to bring?
Mm-hmm.
Hey. what are you all up to?
You must be desperate
if it requires hanging around with Bean.
Did something happen to your hair?
It looks… shorter on one side.
We'll meet up in the bathroom
as soon as the lights go down.
Don't let anyone see you.
Mm-hmm.
Hmm.
Good evening.
or should I say copacetic evening.
-Mom. can I go to the bathroom?
-Not now.
As student council president
of Emerson Elliott School.
a combined elementary
and middle grades institution…
-Mom. I have to go!
-I thought you wanted to see Nancy?
…to Curriculum Night!
Mom!
Not now. Not now.
…without the perspicacious teachers
of Emerson Elliot School.
So let us give them all
a round of assiduous applause.
-"Assiduous." I gave her that one.
Nancy would not stop talking.
Are you ready?
-Yep.
-Yes.
You look awesome.
Thank you.
Before we begin. let us gather and share
our Earthly offerings.
We shall each make a sacrifice
to the spirits.
A gift of something deeply meaningful.
Hmm.
Are you sure?
Its ghost can live
with these ghosts for a pet.
Ooh! Actually. I don't know
if you wanna do that.
How else are we gonna get them
underground?
Oh. ghosts accept these
as our humble gifts!
The classroom is a special environment.
and we learn just as much from your
amazing kids as they learn from us.
For myself and my fellow teachers.
it's a very sweet deal.
Thank you.
Thank you. Ms. Aruba-Tate.
I am privileged to welcome
to the stage. Principal Noble.
Our scrupulous. efficacious.
and might I say.
because of her very well-dressed feet…
famously pedestrian leader.
Well. thank you very much.
Ms. Aruba-Tate for those musings.
-And now…
the moment you've all been waiting for.
We will now commence
a ghost expelling spell.
If you'll focus with me on the portal.
Mm-hmm.
Good. We are ready to begin.
Oh. ghost of Emerson Elliott School.
-I knew it.
You're talking about those stupid.
made-up ghosts again.
We're not talking about them. Zuzu.
We're getting rid of them.
Mm-hmm.
We're sending them back to their graves
so they won't keep scaring people.
It's okay. really.
Oh. ghosts. who dwell in darkness.
We came with gifts.
You must depart in peace!
Whoa.
Next. we will recite the sacred spell
and dance in a circle.
Repeat after me.
Begone. oh. ghost.
You are not welcome here.
Begone. oh. ghost!
You are not welcome here!
Haunt us no more! It's time to disappear!
Haunt us no more!
It's time to disappear!
Education is like evolution.
Fall behind. and you perish.
My goal at Emerson Elliott School…
Do you think I should go check on them?
Oh. no. I trust Ivy.
and Bean is nothing but wonderful.
Probably just knew how excruciating
this principal's presentation was gonna be
and they snuck off
to do some research in the library.
Hmm.
Oh. I like that idea.
But in my experience.
if everything is quiet. you need to worry.
…we'll be making certain that they do…
It still smells pretty bad.
Did the spell work?
Well. my feet are wet.
Yes. Flow forth. Leave us forever!
You are expelled!
The ghosts are coming out of the toilet!
Go. ghosts. go!
Boy are they making a mess.
Success requires sacrifice on all levels.
In fact. I have identified 27 distinct
and crucial learning loops called
Sacrifice for Success.
Let us begin.
-The first learning loop…
Self-discipline.
Oh!
I'll go check the closet
for supplies!
Hurry. Eric!
I am hurrying.
Hurry up. guys.
We're gonna be in so much trouble!
So much trouble.
Persistence.
-Guys. come on.
Who would put shoes in here?
Just keep looking.
Come on!
Repetition.
-Hurry!
Hurry up. Bean! We need more paper!
Hard work.
The ghosts are still coming out!
Stop it! Stop it!
Don't just stand there. Zuzu.
Pragmatism.
All I see here is a plumbing issue.
Problem-solving skills.
I'll try and stop the pipes.
-Okay. Bean!
-Hurry!
Stay focused.
Reward.
I think I made it worse!
Teamwork is the ninth learning loop.
-A skill which requires
continuously disciplined behavior.
And I think that you will find
that our students are first and foremost
well-trained in self-control.
I didn't bring a rain jacket!
-We need to build a wall!
My socks are all squishy!
Well. if you'll excuse me
for just a moment.
it seems I am required elsewhere.
-What's going on?
-This is weird.
-Nancy. Poem. Now! Go!
Where is she going?
While we wait for Mrs. Noble.
I will read the poem that I was asked
to write as a closing poem.
Though I think it'll work just as well
as a middle-of-the-program poem.
"Go forth into the world.
oh scholars of school."
"Life is a banquet. Don't be a fool."
-Help us. Vanessa!
"Learn all that you can."
"Make every right choice."
"You'll fill the arena
when you use your voice!"
-What is going on?
-Bean.
-No.
Oh. my babies!
Oh. my sweet darlings.
Oh!
The school is saved!
Mrs. Noble is so angry.
No. livid with you.
So are Mom and Dad.
They're still discussing your punishment.
Ah!
Before you say anything.
we know you didn't mean to start a flood.
but this does not excuse what happened.
And you girls know better
than to throw things down the toilet.
-I'm sorry.
-I am too. Really sorry.
We know. but we've decided…
to ground you both for a week.
-Together?
-Bean. how would that be punishment?
-No. You'll stay in your rooms.
and work on letters
of apology to Mrs. Noble.
Apologies that you mean.
Doesn't it count
that we got rid of the ghosts?
Hmm… Nope. Not one little bit.
But a whole week?
That's forever.
-Hmm.
-Can we just have ten more minutes?
Please.
You can walk Ivy home if you like.
Katrine. would you like more coffee?
-Yes. please.
It has been quite the evening.
And I will be with you in a moment. Ivy.
Well. that was an adventure.
Can you believe those two?
They actually thought
they should be punished together.
Are you sure you still want to be friends?
I mean. I really like
that we rub off on each other.
but it sure looks like
we're gonna keep getting in trouble.
Bean. I had the best time thanks to you.
You're my best friend.
You're my best friend too.
We should do an oath.
An eternal friendship oath.
In blood.
Yes. That way. it's permanent.
Come with me.
Nancy. go to your room.
-What are we talking about?
-Go to your room now. Now.
We need something sharp. A nail.
Oh!
This one's sharp.
Mm…
Blood attracts vampires.
Mmm…
If we each oath right into this
and seal it up.
then our words and promises
will be mixed together.
Forever?
Jam jars are made
for preserving things forever.
My dad just uses them for nails.
Ready?
Mm-hmm.
Ivy and Bean. here on this day.
make this oath of eternal friendship.
We cross our hearts
that we'll share all our secrets.
our promises. troubles.
punishments. and all the good things too.
Like adventures and dares and mysteries.
We sanctify this sacred oath
with…
Uh…
Do a burp! Do a burp!
It's gonna be tough to not play tomorrow.
-Or the day after that.
-Mm-hmm.
But I'll write to you every day.
or maybe every hour of every day.
Okay.
But I probably won't really want
to read that much.
I know that.
That's why we'll also spy from our windows
and use our walkie-talkies.
Bye. Ivy!
Bye. Bean!
Good night. Katrine.
Good night.
and thanks for the coffee.
Ballet is about dancing
your enemies to death!
See ya.
Welcome to the Joyful School of Ballet.
-Wha-What… Wha-What are you wearing?
-It's an evil duke costume.
We're not spending money
on something you'll quit in two weeks.
Please!
This year's performance seats 300 people!
The whole school will be laughing at us.
You may not quit.
"Forgetfulness Spell."
They won't even remember
we talked about ballet.
-Erase the past! Release your grief!
-Ivy!
-Did you put a spell on us?
We should just run away.
I love running away.
Where should we go?
I've got some pretty good ideas.
Don't you?
You're gonna stink up the place.
I guess we're doomed. Ivy.
Doomed to dance.
Continue through what?
That's right.
-Oh yeah!
Just kidding.